SEB is a set of (bourne) shell scripts designed to
simplify the process of backing up a single system to a 
GELI or LUKS-encrypted block device of some sort.

I am writing this to scratch my own itch, so suggestions
or improvements are welciome.

The project consistes of several scripts:

The SEBSetup script walks the user through setting up 
backup options (tar or rsync, various compression, 
block device, etc...)and schedule.  The script outputs 
a configuration file to /etc/seb.conf and a crontab file
to /etc/cron.d/seb.  SEBKeyMgr and SEBDiskMgr are run to
initiallize the encryption keys and the backup storage
devices.

Naturally, the config file can be edited manually.

The SEBKeyMgr script assists the user in generating secure 
encryption keys and back them up to a USB flash drive.
Various security levels range from normal--key stored on
the local drive and backed up to a USB flash drive--to 
paranoid--keys are split up and stored on multiple flash
drives that are encrypted with LUKS or GELI (passphrase)
and are included on the drive with thousands of other
similarily-named keys.  The location of the key file on
the hard drive (not the one backed up to a USB Key) is
written to /etc/sab.conf so the actual backup script knows
where to find it.

The SEBDiskMgr assists the user in initializing an encrypted
block device.  It optionally runs SEBKeyMgr if there are no
keys specified in /etc/seb.conf.  SEBDiskMgr will then use
the key specified in the config file to encrypt the target
block device using LUKS or GELI depending on OS.

SEBackup is the meat and potatoes of SEB.  It unlocks and
mounts the block device using the device node and encryption
key specified in the config file.  It then backs up the requested
directories.  The backup set and backup type (full or differential)
is specified by command line parameters to the script.
Normally this is handled by the cron job that runs the backup
automatically but they can also be specified from the CLI if the
script is written manually.  Once the script is finished, the
encrypted partition is unmounted and detached from the system.

SEBRestore is a script to restore specific files or directories
from a backup archive.  It attaches and mounts the attached 
storage device, lists the available backup archives, and attempts
to restore the file or directory to the specified path.
